Multiple improvements (#100)
dvci/vaccine-credential-ig: input/pagecontent/index.md

* Other value sets in this IG are not being properly expanded. We are working to resolve this.<br><br>
* Validation with the FHIR Validator tool currently produces spurious errors for valid resources. [Details here](conformance.html#validation).

</div>

### Scope

This [FHIR Implementation Guide](https://www.hl7.org/fhir/implementationguide.html) (IG):

1. Describes the clinical information necessary to create a [SMART Health Card] identifying vaccination and laboratory testing status for infectious diseases such as [COVID-19](https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/index.html). In particular, it describes the content of the credential subject of a verifiable credential in which the credential types include `https://smarthealth.cards#health-card`, `https://smarthealth.cards#immunization` and/or `https://smarthealth.cards#laboratory`, and optionally `https://smarthealth.cards#covid19`.
2. Describes a minimal set of patient information (name and contact information) that is also included in the [SMART Health Card].

> **The goal of this IG is to constrain resources for use specifically in [SMART Health Cards].** This applies to the contents of both digital and paper Health Cards, including Health Cards produced via a Health Card-specific FHIR endpoint like `[base]/Patient/:id/$health-cards-issue`. This IG is not applicable to general purpose FHIR endpoints like `[base]/Patient/:id/Immunization`; these are governed by other IGs like [US Core](https://www.hl7.org/fhir/us/core/StructureDefinition-us-core-immunization.html).

Reviewer: "via Health Card-specific FHIR endpoint" is a little vague. The OperationDefinition for $health-cards-issue is not in this IG.  suggest "[Health Card-specific FHIR endpoint](https://smarthealth.cards/artifacts/operation-patient-i-health-cards-issue.json)"

> Note that this IG is not directly related to the [SMART App Launch Framework](http://www.hl7.org/fhir/smart-app-launch/). The name comes from [SMART Health IT](https://smarthealthit.org/), who also developed the [SMART Health Card] framework that this IG supports. SMART App Launch and SMART Health Cards are designed to work well together (the former being one of multiple methods for issuing the latter), but they don't have a hard dependency with each other.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that this IG is not directly related to the [SMART App Launch Framework](http://www.hl7.org/fhir/smart-app-launch/). Rather, this IG defines data profiles for use with the SMART Health Cards Framework. Both frameworks (SMART App Launch and SMART Health Cards) were initially developed by [SMART Health IT](https://smarthealthit.org/) at Boston Children's Hospital; these frameworks can be used together or independently.
```
